it's May 12 2015 18 9 p.m. on a Tuesday
night and pink is here this is by Carly
Ledbetter of The Huffington Post and it
was last updated on may 6 2015 I'm
putting this up here because I can't
believe that a bridge like this was
built in Japan a very earthquake prone
place now imagine driving on this bridge
when there's an earthquake that is a
very very scary thought don't you think
and I'm not trying to scare anybody but
it is that their terrifying thought
the Ashima ohashi bridge in Japan looks
absolutely terrifying
is the title of this article here we've
seen truly terrifying bridges before but
nothing quite as scary looking as he
eeschema ohashi bridge in Japan the
bridge which connects the cities of
Matsui and Sakai minato appears to go
straight up into the sky and suddenly
drop off built high so that fishing
boats can pass underneath the structure
fortunately isn't quite as steep as it
looks nearly a mile long the bridge has
a gradient of 6.1% on one side and 5.1%
on the other
according to Yahoo cars gradually ascend
making it less scary for drivers then
the bridge appears when photos are taken
from a straight-on angle in pictures
Ashima Ohashi definitely earns its
rollercoaster bridge nickname all we
know is we'd hate to get into a traffic
jam at the very top see what you think
earthquake prone ship
a bridge like this isn't that incredible
and that's a giddy image by the
shimbun and this is what it looks like
from the frontal view now that looks as
steep as or more steep than the hills in
San Francisco doesn't it I wonder what
it's like going down this bridge how do
you control your speed hmm you'd have to
be in first or second gear and go very
slowly
boy that better be a pretty sturdy
bridge folks and that is a gettin image
by the Asahi Shinbun I'm going to scroll
up the bridge now and I don't think
you'd want to be behind a car if it
loses its brakes that's another thought
also and vice versa going up or down
this thing oh my gosh anyway they're
saying it looks scarier than it really
is what do you think everybody the
roller-coaster bridge in Japan that's
going to do it for this report thanks
for watching and please stay safe pink
up